[demo] Replace references to feature flag service with flagd (#4058)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/demo/feature-flags.md

---
title: Feature Flags
aliases: [feature_flags]
cSpell:ignore: flagd OLJCESPC7Z
---

The demo provides several feature flags that you can use to simulate different

> scenarios. These flags are managed by [`flagd`](flagd.dev), a simple feature flag service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
scenarios. These flags are managed by [`flagd`](https://flagd.dev), a simple feature flag service
```

that supports [OpenFeature](https://openfeature.dev). Flag values are stored in
the `demo.flagd.json` file. To enable a flag, change the `defaultVariant` value
in the config file for a given flag to "on".

| Feature Flag            | Service(s)      | Description                                                                                              |
| ----------------------- | --------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `adServiceFailure`      | Ad Service      | Generate an error for `GetAds` 1/10th of the time                                                        |
| `cartServiceFailure`    | Cart Service    | Generate an error for `EmptyCart` 1/10th of the time                                                     |
| `productCatalogFailure` | Product Catalog | Generate an error for `GetProduct` requests with product id: `OLJCESPC7Z`                                |
| `recommendationCache`   | Recommendation  | Create a memory leak due to an exponentially growing cache. 1.4x growth, 50% of requests trigger growth. |

## Feature Flag Architecture

> Please see the [flagd documentation](https://github.com/open-feature/flagd) for

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please see the [flagd documentation](https://flagd.dev) for
```
